# December 15, 2021 - Meeting Notes

**Faciliators:**

| Name | Abbreviation |
| - | - | - |
| Dominik Wilkowski | DW |
| Esther Semo | ES |
| Matt Sawks | MS |
| Elise Chant | EC |

## Resources

- [Survey Summary Results](assets/survey-results.pdf)
- [Survey Full Results](assets/survey-results-full.csv)

## Prior

* Maintainers have read proposed RFCs

## Survey findings

* MS to present
* Results at assets/survey-results.pdf and assets/survey-results-full.csv

## Prioritisation of actions related to survey findings

* MS to facilitate
* Addition Q from @elisechant: Is GitHub literacy an issue for RFC and Steering Committee process? Should we trial an alternate tool like Notion?

## Creating a skills register

* DW to facilitate
  * Creation of new Slack channels
    * Technical group
    * Design group
    * A11y group
    * Content group
  * Creation of new GitHub groups
    * Specifically for "Technical group"

## Maintainers commitments

* DW to facilitate 
  * Min time spend
  * 4 Steering Committee meetings / year
  * Request people join the Slack channels to indicate their intention to maintain a practice
  * @elisechant proposes that we consider sunsetting #steering-committee 

## RFC approvals

* [Remove pancake](https://github.com/designsystemau/RFCs/pull/1)
* [Simplify monorepo (DRAFT)](https://github.com/designsystemau/RFCs/pull/2)
* [Separate framework entry points (DRAFT)](https://github.com/designsystemau/RFCs/pull/3)
* [Docs site improvements](https://github.com/designsystemau/RFCs/pull/4)
* [Create STANDARDISED-ACCESSIBILITY-TESTING.md](https://github.com/designsystemau/RFCs/pull/6)
* [Update Grid 12](https://github.com/designsystemau/RFCs/pull/11)
* [Distribute unminified and unprefixed CSS](https://github.com/designsystemau/RFCs/pull/16)

### Assigning people for implementation

* [Remove pancake](https://github.com/designsystemau/RFCs/pull/1)
* [Simplify monorepo (DRAFT)](https://github.com/designsystemau/RFCs/pull/2)
* [Separate framework entry points (DRAFT)](https://github.com/designsystemau/RFCs/pull/3)
* [Docs site improvements](https://github.com/designsystemau/RFCs/pull/4)
* [Create STANDARDISED-ACCESSIBILITY-TESTING.md](https://github.com/designsystemau/RFCs/pull/6)
* [Update Grid 12](https://github.com/designsystemau/RFCs/pull/11)
* [Distribute unminified and unprefixed CSS](https://github.com/designsystemau/RFCs/pull/16)


## Open Discussion
